# peerGPT Grader - - README.md

Leverage ChatGPT to assist in grading courses.

1. Get OpenAI key for accessing API:
(This is only if you are using a personal account. The code is not configured for this setup currently.)
   > Using OpenAI's Web UI, click on "Profile Picture" (Top right of screen) > "View API keys" (https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)  
   > Make a new key, and copy the key for use in accessing the API.  
(If using the Azure UM endpoint, please ref ____ for steps)

2. Use the `.env.sample` in the config folder to create an `.env` file in the root of the directory. 
   > Specify the API key for OpenAI using the key you copied in step 2.
   <!-- > Specify the settings for DB key using values from the `database-research_ro.json` file. -->
Note: You need to have these keys, there are no default values.

3. Adjust variables in the `.env` file before running if not applying defaults.

4. You need to provide a set of different files for the code to work in the folder 'data', primarily being the 'CSV Data' and 'Submissions'.
   >CSV Data: You need to provide 3 files from Canvas, containing assignment, grading, and rubric data.  
   >Each file name has a prefix that Canvas generates, that follows a format: (name)\_(3/4 digit code)\_(2 letters for term)\_(year)\_(courseID)\_MWrite\_  
      The file names must end as follows:  
         For assignment data: assignments.csv  
         For grading data: gradings.csv  
         For rubric data: rubrics.csv  
   >Additionally, you also need a criterion data file that has the schema:  
         assignment_id, id, custom_description  
   >Here, for each criteria listed, you must add the supplemental grading notes for that criteria.  
   >This file should be named (prefix)\_criterion.csv, following the pattern for the above files.  

   > Submissions: You need to provide the submission data as folders per assignment, where the assignment ID is the folder name.  
   The file names generated by Canvas should not be edited. .docx and .pdf file formats are supported, but .docx is preferred.  
   If running for the first time, use the submissionConverter notebook to generate Text File versions of the submission data.  
